1. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to irrigation through supplementary source
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-irrigation-through-supplementary/download
micensus_1993-94_1_deeptubewell.csv

2. District wise deep tubewells in the command of major/medium projects and supplementary irrigation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-deep-tubewells-command-majormedium-projects-and-supplementary-irrigation-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_2_deeptubewell.csv

3. District wise potential utilized through deep tubewells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-irrigation-potential-utilized-through-deep-tubewells-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_3_deeptubewell.csv

4. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to ownership
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-ownership-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_4_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-ownership-3rd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_4_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-ownership-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_4_deeptubewell.csv

5. District wise distribution of deep tubewells by status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-status-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes-1993/download
micensus_1993-94_5_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-status-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme-2000/download
micensus_2000-01_5_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-status-utilisation-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_5_deeptubewell.csv

6. District wise construction of deep tubewells over the years
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-deep-tubewells-over-years-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes/download
micensus_1993-94_6_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-deep-tubewells-over-years-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_6_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-and-cost-construction-over-year-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_6_deeptubewell.csv

7. District wise deep tubewells according to water distribution system
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-deep-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_7_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-deep-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_7_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-and/download
micensus_2006-07_7_deeptubewell.csv

8. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to social status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-social-status-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_8_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-social-status-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_8_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-social-status-owner-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_8_deeptubewell.csv

9. District wise distribution of deep tubewells by type
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-number-deep-tubewells-type-4th-minor-irrigation-census-2006-07/download
micensus_2006-07_9_deeptubewell.csv

10. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to the constraints
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-constraints-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_10_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-constraints-utilisation-potential-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_10_deeptubewell.csv

11. District wise distribution of deep tubewells by cost of maintenance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-cost-maintenance-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_11_deeptubewell.csv

12. District wise culturable command area and potential created through deep tubewells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-deep-tubewells-2nd/download
micensus_1993-94_12_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-deep-tubewells-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_12_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-cca-and-season-wise-potential-created-through-deep-tubewell-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_12_deeptubewell.csv

13. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to average pumping hours
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-average-pumping-hours-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_13_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-average-pumping-hours-during-peak/download
micensus_1993-94_13_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-average-hours-pumping-day-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_13_deeptubewell.csv

14. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to source of finance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-source-finance-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_14_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-source-finance-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_14_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-source-finance-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_14_deeptubewell.csv

15. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to water lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-water-lifting-device-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_15_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-water-lifting-device-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_15_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-lifting-devices-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_15_deeptubewell.csv

16. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to horse power of lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-2nd-census/download
micensus_1993-94_16_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_16_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_16_deeptubewell.csv

17. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to the farmers holding size
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-farmers-holding-size-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_17_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-farmers-holding-size-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_17_deeptubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-ownerships-holding-size-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_17_deeptubewell.csv

18. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to average length of water conveyance channel
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-average-length-water-conveyance/download
micensus_1993-94_18_deeptubewell.csv

19. District wise distribution of deep tubewells in use according to utilization of potential created
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-use-according-utilization-potential-created-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_19_deeptubewell.csv

20. District-wise distribution of deep tubewell according to depth of the deep tubewells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-depth-deep-tubewell-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_20_deeptubewell.csv

21. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to total hours of pumping operation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-total-hours-pumping-operation-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_21_deeptubewell.csv

22. District wise distribution of deep tubewells permanently not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-permanently-not-use-reasons-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_22_deeptubewell.csv

23. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to source of energy
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-source-energy-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_23_deeptubewell.csv

24. District wise distribution of deep tubewells temporary not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-temporary-not-use-reasons-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_24_deeptubewell.csv

25. District wise distribution of deep tubewells by location in the command of major/medium projects
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-location-command-majormedium-projects-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_25_deeptubewell.csv

26. District wise distribution of deep tubewells in use and their potential created/utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-use-and-their-potential-createdutilized/download
micensus_2000-01_26_deeptubewell.csv

