1. District wise irrigation through supplementary sources with dugwells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-irrigation-through-supplementary-sources-dugwells-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_1.csv

2. District wise irrigation through supplementary sources under surface flow schemes
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-irrigation-through-supplementary-sources-under-surface-flow-schemes-2nd/download
micensus_1993-94_2.csv

3. District wise irrigation through supplementary sources under surface lift schemes
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-irrigation-through-supplementary-sources-under-surface-lift-schemes-2nd/download
micensus_1993-94_3.csv

4. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to irrigation through supplementary source
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-irrigation-through-supplementary/download
micensus_1993-94_4.csv

5. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to irrigation through supplementary source
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-irrigation-through-supplementary/download
micensus_1993-94_5.csv

6. District wise dugwells in the command of major/medium projects and supplementary irrigation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-dugwells-command-majormedium-projects-and-supplementary-irrigation-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_6.csv

7. District wise deep tubewells in the command of major/medium projects and supplementary irrigation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-deep-tubewells-command-majormedium-projects-and-supplementary-irrigation-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_7.csv

8. District wise shallow tubewells in the command of major/medium projects and supplementary irrigation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-shallow-tubewells-command-majormedium-projects-and-supplementary-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_8.csv

9. District wise surface flow schemes in the command of major/medium projects and supplementary irrigation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-flow-schemes-command-majormedium-projects-and-supplementary/download
micensus_2000-01_9.csv

10. District wise surface lift schemes in the command of major/medium projects and supplementary irrigation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-lift-schemes-command-majormedium-projects-and-supplementary/download
micensus_2000-01_10.csv

11. District wise potential utilized through deep tubewells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-irrigation-potential-utilized-through-deep-tubewells-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_11.csv

12. District wise potential utilized through dugwells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-irrigation-potential-utilized-through-dugwells-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_12.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-potential-utilized-through-dugwells-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme-2000/download
micensus_2000-01_12.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-season-wise-potential-utilised-through-dugwell-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_12.csv

13. District wise potential utilized through shallow tubewells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-irrigation-potential-utilized-through-shallow-tubewells-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_13.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-potential-utilized-through-shallow-tubewells-3rd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_13.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-season-wise-potential-utilised-through-shallow-tubewells-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006_07_13.csv

14. District wise distribution of dugwells by status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-its-status-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes/download
micensus_1993-94_14.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-status-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme-2000-01/download
micensus_2000-01_14.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-status-utilisation-4th-minor-irrigation-census-2006-07/download
micensus_2006-07_14.csv

15. District wise distribution of dugwells by type
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-its-type-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes/download
micensus_1993-94_15.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-type-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme-2000-01/download
micensus_2000-01_15.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-number-dugwells-type-4th-minor-irrigation-census-2006-07/download
micensus_2006-07_15.csv

16. District wise dugwells according to the constraints
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-dugwells-according-constraints-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes-1993-94/download
micensus_1993-94_16.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-constraints-utilisation-potential-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_16.csv

17. District wise potential utilized through surface lift schemes
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-irrigation-potential-utilized-through-surface-lift-schemes-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_17.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-potential-utilized-through-lift-schemes-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_17.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-season-wise-potential-utilised-through-surface-lift-schemes-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_17.csv

18. District wise potential utilized under surface flow schemes
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-irrigation-potential-utilized-under-surface-flow-schemes-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_18.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-potential-utilized-through-surface-flow-schemes-3rd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_18.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-season-wise-potential-utilised-through-surface-flow-schemes-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_18.csv

19. District wise construction of dugwells over the years
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-dugwells-over-years-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes/download
micensus_1993-94_19.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-dugwells-over-years-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme-2000-01/download
micensus_2000-01_19.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-and-cost-construction-over-year-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_19.csv

20. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to ownership
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-ownership-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_20.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-ownership-3rd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_20.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-ownership-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_20.csv

21. District wise distribution of deep tubewells by status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-status-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes-1993/download
micensus_1993-94_21.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-status-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme-2000/download
micensus_2000-01_21.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-status-utilisation-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_21.csv

22. District wise distribution of dugwells according to ownership
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-ownership-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_22.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-ownership-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_22.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-ownership-4th-minor-irrigation-census-2006/download
micensus_2006-07_22.csv

23. District wise distribution of dugwells according to social status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-social-status-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_23.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-social-status-3rd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_23.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-social-status-owner-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_23.csv

24. District wise distribution of dugwells according to source of finance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-finance-source-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_24.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-source-finance-3rd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_24.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-source-finance-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_24.csv

25. District wise distribution of dugwells according to water lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-water-lifting-device-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_25.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-dugwells-according-water-lifting-device-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes/download
micensus_2000-01_25.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-lifting-devices-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_25.csv

26. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to ownership
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-ownership-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_26.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-ownership-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_26.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-ownership-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_26.csv

27. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells by status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-status-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes/download
micensus_1993-94_27.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-status-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_27.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-status-utilisation-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_27.csv

28. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells by type
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-type-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes-1993/download
micensus_1993-94_28.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-type-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme-2000/download
micensus_2000-01_28.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-number-shallow-tubewells-type-4th-minor-irrigation-census-2006-07/download
micensus_2006-07_28.csv

29. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes by type
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-its-type-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_29.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-type-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_29.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-number-surface-flow-schemes-type-4th-minor-irrigation-census-2006-07/download
micensus_2006-07_29.csv

30. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes by type
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-its-type-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_30.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-type-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_30.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-number-surface-lift-schemes-type-4th-minor-irrigation-census-2006-07/download
micensus_2006-07_30.csv

31. District wise dugwells according to water distribution system
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-dugwells-according-water-distribution-system-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_31.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-dugwells-according-water-distribution-system-3rd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_31.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-water-distribution-system-and-potential/download
micensus_2006-07_31.csv

32. District wise Distribution of Dugwells by cost of maintenance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-cost-maintenance-4th-minor-irrigation-census-2006-07/download
micensus_2006-07_32.csv

33. District wise culturable command area and potential created through dugwells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-dugwells-2nd-census/download
micensus_1993-94_33.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-dugwells-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_33.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-cca-and-season-wise-potential-created-through-dugwell-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_33.csv

34. District wise construction of deep tubewells over the years
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-deep-tubewells-over-years-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes/download
micensus_1993-94_34.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-deep-tubewells-over-years-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_34.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-and-cost-construction-over-year-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_34.csv

35. District wise construction of shallow tubewells over the years
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-shallow-tubewells-over-years-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_35.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-shallow-tubewells-over-years-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_35.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-and-cost-construction-over-year-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_35.csv

36. District wise construction of surface flow schemes over the years
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-surface-flow-schemes-over-years-3rd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_36.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-constructed-over-years-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_36.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-and-cost-construction-over-year-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_36.csv

37. District wise construction of surface lift schemes over the years
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-surface-lift-schemes-over-years-3rd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_37.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-construction-over-years-2nd/download
micensus_1993-94_37.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-and-cost-construction-over-year-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_37.csv

38. District wise deep tubewells according to water distribution system
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-deep-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_38.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-deep-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_38.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-and/download
micensus_2006-07_38.csv

39. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to social status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-social-status-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_39.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-social-status-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_39.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-social-status-owner-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_39.csv

40. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to social status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-social-status-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_40.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-social-status-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_40.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-social-status-owner-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_40.csv

41. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes according to ownership
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-ownership-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_41.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-ownership-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_41.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-ownership-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_41.csv

42. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes by status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-its-status-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_42.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-status-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_42.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-status-utilisation-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_42.csv

43. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes according to horsepower
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-horse-power-lifting-device-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_43.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-horsepower-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_43.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-horse-power-lifting-device-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_43.csv

44. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes according to ownership
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-ownership-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_44.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-ownership-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_44.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-ownership-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_44.csv

45. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes by status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-its-status-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_45.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-status-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_45.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-status-utilisation-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_45.csv

46. District wise shallow tubewells according to water distribution system
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-shallow-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_46.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-shallow-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_46.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-and/download
micensus_2006-07_46.csv

47. District wise surface flow schemes according to water distribution system
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-flow-schemes-according-water-distribution-system-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_47.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-flow-schemes-according-water-distribution-system-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_47.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-water-distribution-system-and/download
micensus_2006-07_47.csv

48. District wise surface lift schemes according to water distribution system
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-lift-schemes-according-water-distribution-system-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_48.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-lift-schemes-according-water-distribution-system-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_48.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-water-distribution-system-and/download
micensus_2006-07_48.csv

49. District wise distribution of deep tubewells by type
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-number-deep-tubewells-type-4th-minor-irrigation-census-2006-07/download
micensus_2006-07_49.csv

50. District wise dugwells average length of water conveyance channel
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-dugwells-average-length-water-conveyance-channel-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_50.csv

51. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to the constraints
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-constraints-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_51.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-constraints-utilisation-potential-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_51.csv

52. District wise distribution of dugwells according to average pumping hours
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-average-pumping-hours-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_52.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-average-hours-pumping-day-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_52.csv

53. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to the constraints
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-constraints-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_53.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-constraints-utilisation-potential/download
micensus_2006-07_53.csv

54. District wise surface flow schemes according to the constraints
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-flow-schemes-according-constraints-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_54.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-constraints-utilisation/download
micensus_2006-07_54.csv

55. District wise surface lift schemes according to the constraints
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-lift-schemes-according-constraints-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_55.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-constraints-utilisation/download
micensus_2006-07_55.csv

56. District wise distribution of deep tubewells by cost of maintenance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-cost-maintenance-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_56.csv

57. District wise Distribution of Lift Schemes by cost of maintenance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-cost-maintenance-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_57.csv

58. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells by cost of maintenance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-cost-maintenance-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_58.csv

59. District wise Distribution of Dugwells according to source of energy
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-source-energy-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_59.csv

60. District wise distribution of dugwells according to the farmers holding size
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-farmers-holding-size-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_60.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-holding-size-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_60.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-ownerships-holding-size-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_60.csv

61. District wise culturable command area and potential created through deep tubewells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-deep-tubewells-2nd/download
micensus_1993-94_61.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-deep-tubewells-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_61.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-cca-and-season-wise-potential-created-through-deep-tubewell-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_61.csv

62. District wise culturable command area and potential created through shallow tubewells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-shallow-tubewells-2nd/download
micensus_1993-94_62.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-shallow-tubewells-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_62.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-cca-and-season-wise-potential-created-through-shallow-tubewells-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_62.csv

63. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to average pumping hours
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-average-pumping-hours-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_63.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-average-pumping-hours-during-peak/download
micensus_1993-94_63.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-average-hours-pumping-day-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_63.csv

64. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to source of finance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-source-finance-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_64.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-source-finance-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_64.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-source-finance-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_64.csv

65. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to water lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-water-lifting-device-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_65.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-water-lifting-device-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_65.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-lifting-devices-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_65.csv

66. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to source of finance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-source-finance-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_66.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-source-finance-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_66.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-source-finance-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_66.csv

67. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to water lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-water-lifting-device-2nd-census/download
micensus_1993-94_67.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-water-lifting-device-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_67.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-lifting-devices-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_67.csv

68. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes according to social status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-social-status-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_68.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-social-status-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_68.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-social-status-owner-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_68.csv

69. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes according to social status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-social-status-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_69.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-social-status-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_69.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-social-status-owner-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_69.csv

70. District wise surface flow schemes average length of water conveyance channel
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-flow-schemes-average-length-water-conveyance-channel-2nd-census/download
micensus_1993-94_70.csv

71. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to average pumping hours
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-average-pumping-hours-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_71.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-average-hours-pumping-day-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_71.csv

72. District wise culturable command area and potential created through surface flow scheme
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-surface-flow-scheme/download
micensus_1993-94_72.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-surface-flow-schemes/download
micensus_2000-01_72.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-cca-and-season-wise-potential-created-through-surface-flow-schemes-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_72.csv

73. District wise culturable command area and potential created through surface lift schemes
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-surface-lift-schemes/download
micensus_2000-01_73.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-surface-lift-schemes-0/download
micensus_1993-94_73.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-cca-and-season-wise-potential-created-through-surface-lift-schemes-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_73.csv

74. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to horse power of lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-2nd-census/download
micensus_1993-94_74.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_74.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_74.csv

75. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to the farmers holding size
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-farmers-holding-size-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_75.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-farmers-holding-size-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_75.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-ownerships-holding-size-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_75.csv

76. District wise distribution of dugwells according to horse power of lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_76.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-dugwells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_76.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_76.csv

77. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to horse power of lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-2nd/download
micensus_1993-94_77.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_77.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_77.csv

78. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to the farmers holding size
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-farmers-holding-size-2nd-census/download
micensus_1993-94_78.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-farmers-holding-size-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_78.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-ownerships-holding-size-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_78.csv

79. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes according to source of finance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-finance-source-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_79.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-source-finance-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_79.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-source-finance-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_79.csv

80. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes according to the farmers holding size
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-farmers-holding-size-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_80.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-holding-size-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_80.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-according-ownerships-holding-size-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_80.csv

81. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes according to source of finance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-source-finance-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_81.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-finance-sources-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_81.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-source-finance-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_81.csv

82. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes according to the farmers holding size
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-farmers-holding-size-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_82.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-holding-size-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_82.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-ownerships-holding-size-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_82.csv

83. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes according to water lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-lifting-device-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_83.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-water-lifting-device-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_83.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-lifting-devices-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_83.csv

84. District wise average length of water conveyance channel of surface lift schemes
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-average-length-water-conveyance-channel-surface-lift-schemes-2nd-census/download
micensus_1993-94_84.csv

85. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to average length of water conveyance channel
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-average-length-water-conveyance/download
micensus_1993-94_85.csv

86. District wise distribution of deep tubewells in use according to utilization of potential created
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-use-according-utilization-potential-created-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_86.csv

87. District wise Distribution of Dugwells according to depth of the Dugwells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-depth-dugwell-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_87.csv

88. District wise distribution of dugwells in use according to utilization of potential created
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-use-according-utilization-potential-created-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_88.csv

89. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to average length of water conveyance channel
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-average-length-water-conveyance/download
micensus_1993-94_89.csv

90. District wise Distribution of Shallow Tubewells according to depth of the Dugwell
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-depth-dugwell-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_90.csv

91. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells in use according to utilization of potential created
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-use-according-utilization-potential-created/download
micensus_2000-01_91.csv

92. District wise Distribution of Tanks/Ponds/Reservoir of Lift Schemes by storage size
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-tankspondsreservoir-surface-lift-schemes-storage-size-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_92.csv

93. District wise Distribution of Tanks/Ponds/Reservoir of surface flow schemes by storage size
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-tankspondsreservoir-surface-flow-schemes-storage-size-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_93.csv

94. District wise surface flow schemes in the major/medium project command
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-flow-schemes-majormedium-project-command-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_94.csv

95. District wise surface flow schemes- potential created and utilized through tanks
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-flow-schemes-potential-created-and-utilized-through-tanks-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_95.csv

96. District-wise distribution of deep tubewell according to depth of the deep tubewells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-depth-deep-tubewell-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_96.csv

97. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes in use according to utilization of potential created
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-use-according-utilization-potential/download
micensus_2000-01_97.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-tankspondsreservoir-surface-flow-schemes-cca-classes-use-and-pc/download
micensus_2006-07_97.csv

98. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes according to average pumping hours
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-average-pumping-hours-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_98.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-average-hours-pumping-day-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_98.csv

99. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes in use according to utilization of potential created
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-use-according-utilization-potential/download
micensus_2000-01_99.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-tankspondsreservoir-surface-lift-schemes-cca-classes-use-and-pc/download
micensus_2006-07_99.csv

100. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to total hours of pumping operation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-total-hours-pumping-operation-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_100.csv

101. District wise distribution of deep tubewells permanently not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-permanently-not-use-reasons-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_101.csv

102. District wise Distribution of Dugwells according to total hours of pumping operation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-according-total-hours-pumping-operation-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_102.csv

103. District wise Distribution of Dugwells permanently not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-permanently-not-use-reasons-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_103.csv

104. District wise Distribution of Lift Schemes according to total hours of pumping operation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-total-hours-pumping-operation/download
micensus_2006-07_104.csv

105. District wise Distribution of Lift Schemes permanently not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-permanently-not-use-reasons-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_105.csv

106. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells according to total hours of pumping operation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-total-hours-pumping-operation-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_106.csv

107. District wise Distribution of surface flow schemes by cost of maintenance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-cost-maintenance-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_107.csv

108. District wise Distribution of Tanks/Ponds/Reservoir of Lift Schemes by CCA classes
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-tankspondsreservoir-surface-lift-schemes-cca-classes-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_108.csv

109. District wise dugwells in the command of major/medium projects and average pumping hours
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-dugwells-command-majormedium-projects-and-average-pumping-hours-2nd-census/download
micensus_1993-94_109.csv

110. District wise distribution of deep tubewells according to source of energy
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-according-source-energy-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_110.csv

111. District wise distribution of deep tubewells temporary not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-temporary-not-use-reasons-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_111.csv

112. District wise Distribution of Dugwells by location in the command of Major/Medium projects
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-location-command-majormedium-projects-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_112.csv

113. District wise Distribution of Dugwells temporary not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-temporary-not-use-reasons-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_113.csv

114. District wise Distribution of Lift Schemes according to source of energy
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-according-source-energy-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_114.csv

115. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells according to source of energy
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-source-energy-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_115.csv

116. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells permanently not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-permanently-not-use-reasons-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_116.csv

117. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells temporary not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-temporary-not-use-reasons-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_117.csv

118. District wise Distribution of surface flow schemes permanently not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-permanently-not-use-reasons-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_118.csv

119. District wise Distribution of Tanks/Ponds/Reservoir of surface flow schemes by CCA classes
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-tankspondsreservoir-surface-flow-schemes-cca-classes-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_119.csv

120. District wise Distribution of Lift Schemes temporary not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-temporary-not-use-reasons-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_120.csv

121. District wise Distribution of surface flow schemes temporary not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-temporary-not-use-reasons-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_121.csv

122. District wise distribution of deep tubewells by location in the command of major/medium projects
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-location-command-majormedium-projects-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_122.csv

123. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells by location in the command of Major/Medium projects
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-location-command-majormedium-projects-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_123.csv

124. District wise distribution of deep tubewells in use and their potential created/utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-deep-tubewells-use-and-their-potential-createdutilized/download
micensus_2000-01_124.csv

125. District wise distribution of dugwells in use and their potential created/utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-dugwells-use-and-their-potential-createdutilized-according/download
micensus_2000-01_125.csv

126. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to major/medium projects and average pumping hours
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-majormedium-projects-and-average/download
micensus_1993-94_126.csv

127. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells in use and their potential created/utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-use-and-their-potential-createdutilized/download
micensus_2000-01_127.csv

128. District wise surface lift schemes in the command of major/medium projects and average pumping hours
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-surface-lift-schemes-command-majormedium-projects-and-average-pumping-hours/download
micensus_1993-94_128.csv

129. District wise Distribution of Lift Schemes by location in the command of Major/Medium projects
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemes-location-command-majormedium-projects-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_129.csv

130. District wise Distribution of surface flow schemes by location in the command of Major/Medium projects
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemes-location-command-majormedium-projects-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_130.csv

131. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes(tanks) in use and their potential created and utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemestanks-use-and-their-potential-created-and/download
micensus_2000-01_131.csv

132. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes in use and their potential created and utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemeswater-conservation-cum-ground-water/download
micensus_2000-01_132.csv

133. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes(other storage) in use and their potential created and utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemesother-storage-use-and-their-potential/download
micensus_2000-01_133.csv

134. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes(permanent diversion) in use and their potential created and utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemespermanent-diversion-use-and-their-potential/download
micensus_2000-01_134.csv

135. District wise distribution of surface flow schemes(temporary diversion) in use and their potential created and utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-flow-schemestemporary-diversion-use-and-their-potential/download
micensus_2000-01_135.csv

136. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes(on drain/canal) in use and their potential created and utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemeson-draincanal-use-and-their-potential/download
micensus_2000-01_136.csv

137. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes(on river) in use and their potential created and utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemeson-river-use-and-their-potential-created/download
micensus_2000-01_137.csv

138. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes(on stream) in use and their potential created and utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemeson-stream-use-and-their-potential-created/download
micensus_2000-01_138.csv

139. District wise distribution of surface lift schemes(on tank/pond) in use and their potential created and utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-surface-lift-schemeson-tankpond-use-and-their-potential-created/download
micensus_2000-01_139.csv

