1. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to irrigation through supplementary source
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-irrigation-through-supplementary/download
micensus_1993-94_1_shallowtubewell.csv

2. District wise shallow tubewells in the command of major/medium projects and supplementary irrigation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-shallow-tubewells-command-majormedium-projects-and-supplementary-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_2_shallowtubewell.csv

3. District wise potential utilized through shallow tubewells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-irrigation-potential-utilized-through-shallow-tubewells-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_3_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-potential-utilized-through-shallow-tubewells-3rd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2000-01_3_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-season-wise-potential-utilised-through-shallow-tubewells-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006_07_3_shallowtubewell.csv

4. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to ownership
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-ownership-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_4_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-ownership-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_4_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-ownership-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_4_shallowtubewell.csv

5. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells by status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-status-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes/download
micensus_1993-94_5_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-status-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_5_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-status-utilisation-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_5_shallowtubewell.csv

6. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells by type
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-type-2nd-census-minor-irrigation-schemes-1993/download
micensus_1993-94_6_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-type-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme-2000/download
micensus_2000-01_6_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-number-shallow-tubewells-type-4th-minor-irrigation-census-2006-07/download
micensus_2006-07_6_shallowtubewell.csv

7. District wise construction of shallow tubewells over the years
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-shallow-tubewells-over-years-2nd-census-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_1993-94_7_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-construction-shallow-tubewells-over-years-3rd-census-minor-irrigation-scheme/download
micensus_2000-01_7_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-and-cost-construction-over-year-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_7_shallowtubewell.csv

8. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to social status
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-social-status-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_8_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-social-status-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_8_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-social-status-owner-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_8_shallowtubewell.csv

9. District wise shallow tubewells according to water distribution system
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-shallow-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_9_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-shallow-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_9_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-water-distribution-system-and/download
micensus_2006-07_9_shallowtubewell.csv

10. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to the constraints
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-constraints-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_10_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-constraints-utilisation-potential/download
micensus_2006-07_10_shallowtubewell.csv

11. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells by cost of maintenance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-cost-maintenance-4th-minor-irrigation-census/download
micensus_2006-07_11_shallowtubewell.csv

12. District wise culturable command area and potential created through shallow tubewells
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-shallow-tubewells-2nd/download
micensus_1993-94_12_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-culturable-command-area-and-potential-created-through-shallow-tubewells-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_12_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-cca-and-season-wise-potential-created-through-shallow-tubewells-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_12_shallowtubewell.csv

13. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to source of finance
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-source-finance-2nd-census-minor/download
micensus_1993-94_13_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-source-finance-3rd-census-minor/download
micensus_2000-01_13_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-source-finance-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_13_shallowtubewell.csv

14. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to water lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-water-lifting-device-2nd-census/download
micensus_1993-94_14_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-water-lifting-device-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_14_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-lifting-devices-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_14_shallowtubewell.csv

15. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to average pumping hours
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-average-pumping-hours-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_15_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-average-hours-pumping-day-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_15_shallowtubewell.csv

16. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to horse power of lifting device
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-2nd/download
micensus_1993-94_16_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-3rd/download
micensus_2000-01_16_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-horse-power-lifting-device-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_16_shallowtubewell.csv

17. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to the farmers holding size
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-farmers-holding-size-2nd-census/download
micensus_1993-94_17_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-farmers-holding-size-3rd-census/download
micensus_2000-01_17_shallowtubewell.csv
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-ownerships-holding-size-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_17_shallowtubewell.csv

18. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to average length of water conveyance channel
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-average-length-water-conveyance/download
micensus_1993-94_18_shallowtubewell.csv

19. District wise Distribution of Shallow Tubewells according to depth of the Dugwell
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-depth-dugwell-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_19_shallowtubewell.csv

20. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells in use according to utilization of potential created
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-use-according-utilization-potential-created/download
micensus_2000-01_20_shallowtubewell.csv

21. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells according to total hours of pumping operation
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-total-hours-pumping-operation-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_21_shallowtubewell.csv

22. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells according to source of energy
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-source-energy-4th-minor-irrigation/download
micensus_2006-07_22_shallowtubewell.csv

23. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells permanently not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-permanently-not-use-reasons-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_23_shallowtubewell.csv

24. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells temporary not is use by reasons
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-temporary-not-use-reasons-4th-minor/download
micensus_2006-07_24_shallowtubewell.csv

25. District wise Distribution of shallow tubewells by location in the command of Major/Medium projects
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-location-command-majormedium-projects-4th/download
micensus_2006-07_25_shallowtubewell.csv

26. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells according to major/medium projects and average pumping hours
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-according-majormedium-projects-and-average/download
micensus_1993-94_26_shallowtubewell.csv

27. District wise distribution of shallow tubewells in use and their potential created/utilized according to public and private
https://data.gov.in/resources/district-wise-distribution-shallow-tubewells-use-and-their-potential-createdutilized/download
micensus_2000-01_27_shallowtubewell.csv

